feat(red): default user - MTA-3596 (#2060)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-databases/redis/reference-content/default-user-permissions.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Understanding default user permissions
  description: Learn more about the default user permissions for Manage Database for Redis™
content:
  h1: Understanding default user permissions
  paragraph: Learn more about the default user permissions for Manage Database for Redis™
tags: databases user redis username password
categories:
  - managed-databases
  - redis
---

> When you create a Redis™ Database Instance, a single default user is a created with the following permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a Redis™ Database Instance, a single default user is created with the following permissions:
```

> When you create a Redis™ Database Instance, a single default user is a created with the following permissions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you create a Redis™ Database Instance, you have to specify a user. It will be created with the following permissions:
```

```

> +client +cluster|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+client +cluster
```

> info +cluster|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
info +cluster
```

> nodes +cluster|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
nodes +cluster
```

> myid +cluster|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
myid +cluster
```

> slots +cluster|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
slots +cluster
```

shards allkeys
```

<Message type="important">
  The default permissions cannot be edited. It is also not possible to create additional users.
</Message>

> You can specify a name for this user when you create a Database Instance via the Scaleway API or the CLI.

Reviewer 2: this is also possible in the console. Only the edit of the user is limited to CLI and API

Author: ```suggestion
You can specify a name for this user when you create a Database Instance.
```
